dish
What are you doing here? I'm here to give you money
Really? That's great.
I knew my brother still cared about my father
I can't bear to watch my dad's company go bankrupt
You still have a conscience
Take out the money quickly
This is the three of you at Jufu Pavilion yesterday
The cost of being a waiter
300 yuan per person, 900 yuan in total
My personal investment plus 100 will make up the whole
That'll be $1,000.
Chen Huacan
Don't think you are the heir to Huacan Group
You can humiliate people like this
You've gone too far.
Who humiliated you?
You earned this money yourself.
you
Sister Xiaocan knows that we have gone too far
But this money is simply not enough.
Can you help dad?
Why should I help?
Ah!
Xiao Can used to be an aunt
We have also found out
5 years ago, it was indeed Xiao Li who framed you for stealing
It's also our fault for being too arrogant with Xiaoli
Make you feel wronged
You ask him to apologize to you.
Brother, I'm sorry, don't